Here is what you can find in this folder:

1) a python script that produces a bunch of PMT map plots and a bunch of associated histograms
2) some .csv files that contain the posiitons of all PMTs and the Nodes that I picked 
3) PMT map plots
4) many histograms
5) IsotropyStuff.pdf - slides that explain how and why these histograms were made + what they mean
6) A folder with PMT maps - they are the same maps, but they also show the vectorial sum of all PMT positions in Cartesians (after they have been rescaled to have length 1, because the real length varies slightly). 

Each PMT map corresponds to one PMT Set. Each PMT set also corresponds to 9 histograms, one for each opening angle in the set {pi/3, pi/4, pi/6, pi/8, pi/10}.

Set 1 has all PMTs on.

Sets 2-5 have one big hole each. The hole keeps increasing with set number (first is missing 400 PMTs, the second one 800, then 1200 then 1600)

Sets 6-9 miss the same numbers of PMTs as sets 2-5, but they are randomly distributed throughout the detector (picked e.g. 400 indices form PMT list and threw them in the trash)

Here are some observations about the results:

	When we have a big hole, we have a long tail to the left; this makes sense.
	When we have a big hole, if we keep increasing the hole (up to a point, this won't hold if we turn off half the detector) the median of the dstribution doesn't actually change that much. Maybe it decreases a tiny tiny bit. This also makes sense, as most caps are not affected 
	When we have a big hole, the normalized stdev keeps increasing with the size of the hole; this makes sense because the tail gets longer and thicker
	
	When we have uniformly-ish spread out missing PMTs, there is no tail at small cap angles, or the tail is tiny
	When we have unformly-ish spread out missing PMTs, the normalized stdev doesn't change much when we increase the number of missing PMTs. For alpha = pi/8 for example, it stays around 0.03 (between 0.029 and 0.035), whereas a big hole makes it vary between 0.133 and 0.375
	When we have uniformly-ish spread out missing PMTs, the median is always similar to the mean, so the median decreases as we remove more PMTs
	
	Looking at the vectorial sums of PMTs in the 9 Sets from the folder, these are as expected: the isotropic configurations have shorter vectorial sums because all the positions average out close to 0. These sums for isotropic configurations are less than 80. Even for a perfect detector, there sum on the z axis is not that close to 0 because there are PMTs missing at the top. The sums of the PMT Sets with a big hole are much bigger. This can be another way to quantify isotropy (suggested by James, thanks James!!). The only issue with this would be having opposite holes in the detector, where their contributions would cancel out. I'll have to see how the other metrics look like for such a detector state
	
	
These two cases (one big hole vs evenly spread tiny holes) are the extremes. The results confirm that the normalized stdev is a good ish measure of isotropy. They also show that the median is not a good measure for coverage, because it doesn't change much if we keep turning off PMTs in roughly the same spot.

So now I have to run some simulations and compare these with some actual physics results, and see how to make the cuts. To be honest, given Logan's position dependent correction, I am quite confident that if we just simulate electrons and look at the reconstructed energy, we can tolerate a lot of unisotropy. Maybe we'll have to look at something else as well, I don't know what different analyses would need. I think we can also tolerate some pretty bad coverage. We'll see! 



